= Action Texter -- Easy SMS delivery the Rails way

Action Texter is a framework for delivering text messages from Rails apps. Its
designed to be immediately familiar to anyone who has used Action Mailer, and
is in fact largely lifted from that project. Like Action Mailer, it is
essentially a wrapper around Action Controller that allows methods to be defined
for sending messages that use view templates to construct the body.

**Note:** At the moment, this gem is pretty simple and only addresses its author's
immediate needs. As such, testing is unaddressed (though should be simple to
add in the spirit of Action Mailer tests), receiving messages isn't supported,
and Twilio is the only real delivery method. There are also plenty of places
where the implementation is a bit sloppy, since I started by literally copying
actionmailer and modifying from there.

== Sending SMS

The framework works by initializing any instance variables you want to be
available in the SMS template, followed by a call to +sms+ to deliver
the message.

This can be as simple as:

  class Notifier < ActionTexter::Base
    delivers_from '+14155551234'

    def welcome(recipient)
      @recipient = recipient
      mail(:to => recipient)
    end
  end

The body of the message is created by using an Action View template (regular
ERB) that has the instance variables that are declared in the mailer action.

So the corresponding body template for the method above could look like this:

  Hello there, <%= @recipient %>. Thank you for signing up!

Calling the method returns a Message object:

  message = Notifier.welcome  # => Returns a ActionTexter::Message object
  message.deliver             # => delivers the message

Or you can just chain the methods together like:

  Notifier.welcome.deliver    # Creates the email and sends it immediately

== Setting defaults

It is possible to set default values that will be used in every method in your Action Texter class. To implement this functionality, you just call the public class method <tt>default</tt> which you get for free from ActionTexter::Base. This method accepts a Hash as the parameter.

Note that every value you set with this method will get over written if you use the same key in your texter method.

== Download and installation

The latest version of Action Texter can be installed with RubyGems:

  % [sudo] gem install action_texter

Source code can be downloaded from GitHub

* https://github.com/sullman/action_texter


== License

Action Texter is released under the MIT license.


== Support

Bug reports and feature requests can be filed on GitHub

* https://github.com/sullman/action_texter/issues
